1: I've decided not to output the location to XML, even though I've
included the code to do so. The reason for this is because every time the
player exits the first level of the dungeon, I'm dumping away all the dungeon
levels, and regenerate the dungeons. This is because saving the Dungeon Levels
as XML would take up a lot of room, so I can only save them in vectors during
individual gaming sessions. But anyway, if I'm dumping and regenerating Dungeon
Levels upon exiting the first floor on a dungeon, saving the location of
Creatures would be stupid.

2: We're giving the creatures move() function a DungeonLevel*. Think of this as
a map for the level that they're on. They use it to look at the squares around
them, see what's cool, and to access they RoomTiles they are on/moving to.

3: We give attack the dungeon level to check for range, but also because we
have to pass it to recieve damage, who passes it to die, who needs it to drop
loot. A message system would solve this problem (die would simply send a message
saying that this has died, and then the world could handle it), but I don't
know how to do that. I'm frustrated with how ugly passing the dlLevel is though.

4: Adding a rarity to items would be a good idea. I could add it in the form of
an int though, 0 to 99, 0 being the most rare (percent drop). Then I could use
this when the creature dies to decide whether or not to drop it. Easy add,
cool addition

6: RoomTile.cpp: I have to include cstddef because otherwise it says my NULL
isn't defined in this scope. That was a weird one.
 
7: Creature.cpp: On death. You may think that we forgot to remove the creature
from the main creature list and to tell the tile that we're not there anymore!
But the world will handle this. Every turn, the world runs a method called
removeCarcasses(). This searches the list of creatures for ones with HP set to
0. If the creature has died, it's because the player has killed them. So we
remove the creatures from the tiles, tell the creatures to die, and also make
sure to reward the player with XP

9. I know this isn't the smartest thing to do. It'd make more sense, logically
and resource wise to have the light just use the same info the player does. This
is an "I didn't have time" decision, and I'd change it if I had more time.

10: Maybe I should just have the whole inventory come along when I move the
player. It's something to think about.

